Encode announcement in regs (#74)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

    - 11e1) If a competitor is granted an extra attempt, the extra attempt must be scrambled using a different scramble sequence. This scramble sequence must be generated using a current official version of an official WCA scramble program (see [Regulation 4f](regulations:regulation:4f)).
    - 11e2) If a competitor is granted an extra attempt, the extra attempt should be done right after the attempt that caused it, and must replace the original regularly numbered attempt.
    - 11e3) If it is unclear whether an incident should result in an extra attempt, the competitor may be granted a provisional extra attempt that will be used only if it is later found that an extra attempt was appropriate (e.g. by a decision of the WRC).
- 11f) Decisions about an incident may be supported with video, photographic, or audio evidence, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

>     - 11f1) Video, and similar forms of recorded evidence, should usually be reviewed at full speed. Slow-motion or frame-by-frame analysis may only be used in the following circumstances:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - 11f1) Video, and similar forms of recorded evidence, should be reviewed at full speed. Exception: slow-motion or frame-by-frame analysis may be used in the following circumstances:
```

>         - 11f1a) The individual result is a regional record or a personal record in the top 50 results of the world ranking.

Author: ```suggestion
        - 11f1a) The individual result is a regional record or a personal record in the top 50 results of the world rankings.
```
